Take a paternity test. Take a paternity test. Lucky
I believe that person 6 years ago must have been you
You have to take a paternity test with Four Treasures and Five Treasures.
Prove that the Four Treasures and Five Treasures are descendants of the Li family
My children can't be nameless
Li Nanjun, you must be a good father
If you are not good to children
I immediately took them back to the countryside
Don't worry, I can not only be good to them
They treat you well.
No.
I have seen three treasures, four treasures and five treasures
Why haven't you seen Erbao?
How do you kill centrifugal desire like this?
Can't kill him
I killed his son